---
title: How to Merge Automation Code in aiTest Base Framework?
description: Import an auto-generated code inside the base framework in respective folders such as .feature file will come under the feature folder, Pages.java come under PageObjects package, step definitions come under stepDefs package.
type: How-to
categories:
  - How-To
sidebar:
  - {id: what-is-aitest-base-framework, text: "What is aiTest Base Framework?"}
  - {id: how-to-merge-automation-code-in-aitest-base-framework, text: "How to Merge Automation Code in aiTest Base Framework?"}
---

# How to Merge Automation Code in aiTest Base Framework?

## What is aiTest Base Framework?
aiTest Base Framework is built on BDD tool that allows you to write feature files in a human-readable format with the help of Java Selenium and Maven. In this framework, Java is the programming language, Selenium is a web automation tool that interacts with web browsers, and Maven helps manage project dependencies, build processes, and the overall project structure.

## Requirements
To merge automation code into aiTest Base Framework, you will need the following:

1. Cucumber plugin
2. [Java (JDK)](https://www.oracle.com/in/java/technologies/downloads/)
3. [Maven](https://mvnrepository.com/)

## How to Merge Automation Code in aiTest Base Framework?
Follow these steps to merge automation code into the aiTest Base Framework:

1. Once the Automation Code is generated, download the zip file by clicking on the zip file image.

2. Clone the base framework using this [Base Framework](https://github.com/applied-ai-consulting/aiTest_AutomationFramework.git) URL.

3. You will need an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as Intellij IDE, VS Code, or Eclipse IDE to import the auto-generated code inside the base framework. Unzip the generated automation code.

4. Steps to add files in the framework:

   i) Add Page Objects java files under `src/test/java>PageObjects` package.
   
      a) Copy the `.java file` generated by Automation Co-pilot, which is under the PageObjects folder.
      
      b) Right-click on the `PageObjects` package and paste the java files generated using Automation Co-pilot.
   
   ii) Add step definition files under `src/test/java>StepDefs` package.
   
      a) Copy the `.java file` generated by Automation Co-pilot, which is under the StepDefs folder.
      
      b) Right-click on the `StepDefs` package and paste the java files generated using Automation Co-pilot.
   
   iii) Add the `.feature file` under the `src/test/Resources/features` folder.
   
      a) Copy the `.feature file` generated by Automation Co-pilot, which is under the features folder.
      
      b) Right-click on the `Feature folder` and paste the java files generated using Automation Co-pilot.

## Run Command
You can execute scenarios from all features using the following terminal command:

```shell
mvn test
mvn test -Dcucumber.options="--tags @TagName"
